PROJ-161 :: Brian rettelser (#90)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-4/networking-updates.tex

This presents issues in terms of the multicast grouping, in which the host was unable to read messages sent through the group.
This could be remedied by having a separate multicast group in which clients could send acknowledgments, to avoid further problems related to multicasting.
While the host was sending out the information, a client could check if it had received the correct information, and if not send out a negative acknowledgment for a while before timing out, to attempt to receive the information again.
Eventually all the clients would be sending positive acknowledgments.
\\\\
However, a limitation exists with this approach: when scoring a goal, it is crucial that the goalzones are moved.
This change of goal position would take place during the in-game phase, and receiving the information about the location of the new goalzone is crucial, such that all payers know where to score.
As such, the phase split loses some of its purpose, as an acknowledgment would need to be sent from clients during the playing phase.

\subsubsection{Expanding messages}
In addition to the data defined in \autoref{app:network}, crucial data could be appended to all messages sent during play.

> This would mean that whenever any message was received, it would include to required information, and no acknowledgment would be necessary as the clients normall will receive some messages if they are continuously sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would mean that whenever any message was received, it would include the required information, and no acknowledgment would be necessary as the clients normally will receive some messages if they are continuously sent.
```

    \caption{PMI analysis of TCP and UDP}
    \label{Tab:PMI-TCP-UDP}
\end{table}     

> We performed a PMI (Plus Minus Interesting) analysis, as taught in the Software Engineering course, on both protocols to outline the strengths and weaknesses of TCP and UDP which can be seen in \autoref{Tab:PMI-TCP-UDP}.

Reviewer 2: Er det nok at nævne software engineering course? burde måske tilføje på software semester 8 2020 eller noget

Author: er det ikke ret meget implied med at der står på forsiden at vi er på 8. semester 2020?

> We performed a PMI (Plus Minus Interesting) analysis, as taught in the Software Engineering course, on both protocols to outline the strengths and weaknesses of TCP and UDP which can be seen in \autoref{Tab:PMI-TCP-UDP}.

Author: ```suggestion
We performed a PMI (Plus Minus Interesting) analysis, as taught in the Software Innovation course, on both protocols to outline the strengths and weaknesses of TCP and UDP which can be seen in \autoref{Tab:PMI-TCP-UDP}.
```
